Fix rejoin_after_leave behavior (#15552)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/upgrade/upgrade-specific.mdx

The use of filesystem isolation can be disabled in Client configuration by
setting [`disable_filesystem_isolation`][artifact_fs_isolation].

#### Server `rejoin_after_leave` (default: `false`) now enforced

> All Nomad versions prior to v1.4.4 have incorrectly ignored the Server [`rejoin_after_leave`][rejoin_after_leave]

Reviewer: This link is broken. See the preview at https://nomad-a6lg3nb9m-hashicorp.vercel.app/nomad/docs/upgrade/upgrade-specific#server-rejoin_after_leave-default-false-now-enforced.

The best way to fix this is to have this line be:

```suggestion
All Nomad versions prior to v1.4.4 have incorrectly ignored the Server [`rejoin_after_leave`][]
```

And then add the following line to the foot of this file:

```
[`rejoin_after_leave`]: /docs/configuration/server#rejoin_after_leave
```

> All Nomad versions prior to v1.4.4 have incorrectly ignored the Server [`rejoin_after_leave`]
> configuration option. This bug has been fixed in Nomad version v1.4.4.
> 
> Previous to v1.4.4 the behavior of Nomad `rejoin_after_leave` was always `true`, regardless of 
> Nomad server configuration, while the documentation incorrectly indicated a default of `false`.

Reviewer: Gah, sorry my eyes passed right over the version number here. This should be 1.5.0 now too:

```suggestion
All Nomad versions prior to v1.5.0 have incorrectly ignored the Server [`rejoin_after_leave`]
configuration option. This bug has been fixed in Nomad version v1.5.0.

Previous to v1.5.0 the behavior of Nomad `rejoin_after_leave` was always `true`, regardless of 
Nomad server configuration, while the documentation incorrectly indicated a default of `false`.
```

Author: Good catch!
